Well, as we've been doing
every night on OUTFRONT,
we have another exclusive dispat
from the journalist Ibrahim Damo
He is inside Gaza.
Ibrahim and his family,
as you know,
moved from the north to the sout
and they were hopeful
that they would finally be able
through Egypt.
Those hopes up for now.
Still hopes not yet successful.
Ibrahim and his wife
Rasha and their two young sons,
aged 11 and seven,
evacuated in northern Gaza
when Israel told civilians to le
They complied.
They fled to the south and now t
and wait.
Here's the update
that Ibrahim shared with us toda
al-Salam would tell you
that Macedonian or even Honorabl
Amin Medina was
the last travel.
al-Jaafari going to stop
non-European mama lay of the lan
or hamzah an island as a whole.
But I'm not sure.
Now, call for my freedom.
You know, I love either Haya
you know,
not the alternative.
You know about the little button
Joey will
wonder how well he has done in m
Listen,
I've been waiting to have my mou
well.
I will let the but with myself h
will be.
Some have been called out a bit
like I something
I wish you hadn't thought about.
But I learned
that in
a way of doing all of the wrong
that we might not want in a hurr
And then no limits and mechanism
be learned how to lose more.
Well,
so last night I said, I know
that must
have been the holy marble before
with the common love.
Itami is the name of How Little
My Butterfly.
How do you feel on IRC, Colonel
I'm not the model
and the Republican primary.
I will admit to her.
Well, I don't know how to
look in her a multinational pers
pretend I know Mubarak alone.
Well, let me.
I had no middle
off.
Not like the LA,
but look at the
Portlandia finale, orange or wha
The Union folder.
I am a
little
nuts.
My little Joey let myself
tell you every time.
Well, I can Nero finding
enough so Philadelphia in fact
I was Abraham
Dorfman as we said our CNN produ
who is in Gaza tonight
hoping hoping to be able to leav